the charater  space  occured  441 times
the charater  \n  occured  44 times
the charater  !  occured  1 times
the charater  "  occured  18 times
the charater  '  occured  6 times
the charater  (  occured  30 times
the charater  )  occured  30 times
the charater  *  occured  1 times
the charater  +  occured  5 times
the charater  ,  occured  4 times
the charater  -  occured  1 times
the charater  .  occured  23 times
the charater  /  occured  4 times
the charater  0  occured  2 times
the charater  1  occured  5 times
the charater  :  occured  1 times
the charater  ;  occured  23 times
the charater  <  occured  2 times
the charater  =  occured  21 times
the charater  >  occured  2 times
the charater  B  occured  4 times
the charater  C  occured  3 times
the charater  E  occured  3 times
the charater  F  occured  3 times
the charater  H  occured  3 times
the charater  I  occured  2 times
the charater  K  occured  2 times
the charater  L  occured  1 times
the charater  M  occured  5 times
the charater  N  occured  2 times
the charater  R  occured  3 times
the charater  S  occured  10 times
the charater  V  occured  1 times
the charater  W  occured  3 times
the charater  [  occured  2 times
the charater  \  occured  6 times
the charater  ]  occured  2 times
the charater  a  occured  56 times
the charater  b  occured  7 times
the charater  c  occured  30 times
the charater  d  occured  12 times
the charater  e  occured  93 times
the charater  f  occured  15 times
the charater  g  occured  20 times
the charater  h  occured  14 times
the charater  i  occured  51 times
the charater  j  occured  3 times
the charater  k  occured  3 times
the charater  l  occured  23 times
the charater  m  occured  25 times
the charater  n  occured  44 times
the charater  o  occured  18 times
the charater  p  occured  31 times
the charater  r  occured  51 times
the charater  s  occured  23 times
the charater  t  occured  73 times
the charater  u  occured  19 times
the charater  v  occured  6 times
the charater  w  occured  12 times
the charater  x  occured  4 times
the charater  y  occured  8 times
the charater  {  occured  6 times
the charater  }  occured  6 times